README.md, before:

# AUTOMATIC-PLASTIC-BOTTLE-SORTING-WITH-ROBOTIC-ARM-USING-RASPBERRY-PI

# Final Year Project

## Hardware Used
- **Raspberry Pi Model 4B**
- - ![Raspberry Pi Model 4B](Photos/Raspberrypi.png "Raspberry Pi Model 4B")
- **Pi Camera Module v1.3**
- - ![Pi Camera Module v1.3](Photos/picamera.png "Pi Camera Module v1.3")
- **Arduino Mega**Photos/Arduino Mega.png
- - ![Arduino Mega](Photos/ArduinoMega.png "Arduino Mega")
- **MG996r Servo Motor**
- - ![MG996r Servo Motor](Photos/Mg996r.png "MG996r Servo Motor")
- **3D Printed Parts** (using PLA Filament)


---

## Purchase Links for Hardware
### Raspberry Pi Model 4B
- [Daraz Link](https://www.daraz.com.np/products/raspberry-pi-4-model-b4gb-i104200195-s1025080284.html?)
- [Himalayan Solution Link](https://himalayansolution.com/product/raspberry-pi-4-model-b-4-gb-ram)


### Pi Camera Module v1.3
- [Daraz Link](https://www.daraz.com.np/products/raspberry-pi-camera-v1-i125433870-s1034038299.html?)
- [Himalayan Solution Link](https://himalayansolution.com/product/raspberry-pi-camera-module-with-cable-5mp)


### Arduino Mega
- [Daraz Link](https://www.daraz.com.np/products/arduino-mega-with-usb-cable-i111519-s716963.html?)
- [Himalayan Solution Link](https://himalayansolution.com/product/arduino-mega-2560)


### MG996r Servo Motor
- [Daraz Link](https://www.daraz.com.np/products/mg-996r-metal-gear-servo-motor-i124620064-s1033846480.html?)
- [Himalayan Solution Link](https://himalayansolution.com/product/mg996r-servo-motor)

helo helo

Commit message:

added Raspberry pi installation upto headless setup

README.md, after:

# AUTOMATIC-PLASTIC-BOTTLE-SORTING-WITH-ROBOTIC-ARM-USING-RASPBERRY-PI

# Final Year Project

## Hardware Used
- **Raspberry Pi Model 4B**
- - ![Raspberry Pi Model 4B](Photos/Raspberrypi.png "Raspberry Pi Model 4B")
- **Pi Camera Module v1.3**
- - ![Pi Camera Module v1.3](Photos/picamera.png "Pi Camera Module v1.3")
- **Arduino Mega**Photos/Arduino Mega.png
- - ![Arduino Mega](Photos/ArduinoMega.png "Arduino Mega")
- **MG996r Servo Motor**
- - ![MG996r Servo Motor](Photos/Mg996r.png "MG996r Servo Motor")
- **3D Printed Parts** (using PLA Filament)


---

## Purchase Links for Hardware
### Raspberry Pi Model 4B
- [Daraz Link](https://www.daraz.com.np/products/raspberry-pi-4-model-b4gb-i104200195-s1025080284.html?)
- [Himalayan Solution Link](https://himalayansolution.com/product/raspberry-pi-4-model-b-4-gb-ram)


### Pi Camera Module v1.3
- [Daraz Link](https://www.daraz.com.np/products/raspberry-pi-camera-v1-i125433870-s1034038299.html?)
- [Himalayan Solution Link](https://himalayansolution.com/product/raspberry-pi-camera-module-with-cable-5mp)


### Arduino Mega
- [Daraz Link](https://www.daraz.com.np/products/arduino-mega-with-usb-cable-i111519-s716963.html?)
- [Himalayan Solution Link](https://himalayansolution.com/product/arduino-mega-2560)


### MG996r Servo Motor
- [Daraz Link](https://www.daraz.com.np/products/mg-996r-metal-gear-servo-motor-i124620064-s1033846480.html?)
- [Himalayan Solution Link](https://himalayansolution.com/product/mg996r-servo-motor)

### Here is the detailed Step by step guide to complete this project.

## Step 1 : Raspberry PI Initialization

- For this step you need</p>
1. Raspberry Pi<br>
2. Sd Card<br>
3. A Type-C cable / Type-C charger<br>
4. Ethernet cable (optional)</p>
There is two ways for Raspberry pi setup:<br>
1. Wired<br>
- For wired you'll need a micro HDMI cable to get the display directly from the board via micro HDMI port.<br>
2. Headless Setup<br>
- For Headless setup we use ssh to gain the acess to the board and configure it to install Remote Desktop Service (RDP).<br>
- Then we get the visual screen via the Remote desktop Softwares like : Windows Remote desktop Connection / Real VNC Via IP Address.<br>
- **Raspberry Pi OS** <br>
- First download the Raspberry pi Imager Tool from : [https://www.raspberrypi.com/software/] <br>
-
